[Clang][Sema]:Fix musttail attribute on a function with not_tail_called attribute has no warning/error (#134465)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Now correctly diagnose a tentative definition of an array with static
  storage duration in pedantic mode in C. (#GH50661)

> - The ``-err-musttail-mismatch`` error is emitted when a musttail call is made to a function marked with the not_tail_called attribute.(#133509).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An error is now emitted when a ``musttail`` call is made to a function marked with the ``not_tail_called`` attribute. (#GH133509).
```
